I'm Lindsey Turner.
I work at doctor Losier
Middle School in Miramichi New Brunswick,
and I am our math SPR.
So for,
math this year,
with a new holistic curriculum,
we really had to come together
as a team during p.l.c., and sit down
and kind of dissect what we were given
and kind of our next direction to go.
That entailed a lot of working parts.
And there were a lot of us,
having to divvy up jobs,
and we had to kind of make a decision
on how we were going
to implement this best for our school.
So in doing that,
we had, had to take a look at all of the,
math achievement indicators
and really break it down.
The first step was to kind of
find those goalposts.
What were we really asking?
For example, in order of operations,
we had to decide how many operations
we were going to ask at the grade
six level versus the grade eight.
And that was kind of the first starting
place before we could really start
to, create the materials
and figure out how we were going to,
keep alignment among the team,
and among the grade levels,
but really try and, help
the students be as successful as possible.
So once we had our goal posts
we were able to break off in teams
for grades six,
seven, eight, and create kind of our own,
you know, working plan for the students.
We created the materials
which led to the common assessments.
We we understood that being aligned
was really important,
across the grade levels in the building.
So we really want to make sure
that we are covering
everything, I.
So, Jamie, you're doing.
Oh. He's gone.
They're going to do
the tickets.
Okay, I'm going to put.
I'm going to take Jamie's out then.
He's not going to do that.
I will move to measurement that data.
Yeah, we'll just have to let him know.
You know?
Like it's not.
Yeah.
He was like mid working adults again.
So, you know,
you just really prioritize the steps
in that order.
So he's grade seven.
Yeah.
So Jerry
he's just finishing up the task.
So in
doing so we created the lessons
and we created the common assessments.
And with that that really did
create the alignment necessary
across the grade levels
and for, for the teachers as well.
It was a lot of work,
but it was kind of like,
a lot of our PLC time was spent on that.
And dedicated to creating this
going forward into next year.
Kind of the heavy lifting is done,
and now we're able to go back
into those units and tweak things,
add things, maybe take things out
and rearrange things, as necessary.
So by dedicating that time in PLC,
we were able to confidently deliver,
you know, similar materials
to the grade levels in the school.
And it did make our job
a lot easier, as teachers,
because we were able to prepare the work
and, and deliver it,
you know, we were able to stay aligned
in terms of timing,
and our own map of what we decided,
you know, where
we'd like to be at this certain
we this certain month.
And so,
all of that hard work really paid off
and I think will continue to pay off
as the years go.
Like tips or tricks for anyone
wanting to start this, it is a big job.
We we kind of learn the hard way.
We want to jump right in,
but we really had to take it back to,
the very basics of what was being asked.
Kind of use our previous knowledge.
If if you had experience teaching it,
we had to have the discussions
between grade levels
because, it just because you're teaching
fractions, it's kind of like, well, what's
grade seven asking versus grade six?
What are those outcomes
and how do they differ?
How are they alike?
We are trying to prepare the students
as best as we can to be successful.
This year, but also prepare them
so that they're they're ready for next
year's material as well.